EMBEDDED SYSTEMS PROGRAMMING MAGAZINE
-------------------------------------
Example code

This directory contains the code that goes with the <date here> ESP
artilce called <---->. In this file we explain how to compile and run
the code.

1) Go to http://rhex.sourceforge.net at get the latest release of
RHexLib and SimSect++. Install and compile the libraries as
directed. Make sure that the environment variables RHEX_DIR,
SIMSECT_DIR and RHEX_HARDWARE are set.

2) Install geomview. See http://rhex.sourceforge.net for details.

2) Put the code in this directory and a nice place, such as
$RHEX_DIR/examples/esp.

3) In this directory, do 

   make depend; make

4) To run the code, do 

   sup 

You should see the example program print debigging messages to stdout
and you should see geomview start with a simulation of the robot in
one of the windows.

That's it! In the rest of this document, we explain the files in this directory.

 Makefile

   Contains, instructions needed to compile the code.

 SimSect.rc

   A file containing parameter definitions for the SimSect simulation
   environment, such as the mass of the robot.

 Supervisor.cc

   The definition of the methods for the supervisor state machine, its
   states and events. This file was generated by sm-setup.pl from the
   file Supervisor.dsc and then modified to give the machine the
   need behaviors.

 Supervisor.dsc

   Input file for sm-setup.pl used to generated the skeleton code files
   Supervisor.cc and Supervisor.hh.

 Supervisor.hh

   Header file describing the supervisor state machine class. This file 
   was generated by sm-setup.pl from the file Supervisor.dsc and then 
   modified to give the machine the need behaviors.

 hexaped.oogl

   Used by geomview to describe the geometry of the simulated robot and
   simulated surface.

 rhex_dials.scr

   A script file used in SimSect mode to replace the remote control unit.

 rhex_mcgill.rc
 rhex_michigan.rc
 rhex_simsect.rc

   These files describe the McGill, Michigan and SimSect versions of the
   robot hardware.

 sup.cc

   Contains main(), which is where the Module Manager is set up and the
   supervisor machine is instantiated and added to the manager.

 sup.rc

   Resource file containing parameter definitions for the stand and walk
   machines.